Add initial Java SDK documentation (#75)
EMnify/product-docs: docs/sdks/java/help.md

---
description: Get support and give us feedback
---

# Help and contributing

- If you need help using our services, please [file a support ticket](https://support.emnify.com/hc/en-us/requests/new).

> - If you've found a bug in the library or would like to add new features, go ahead and [open issues or pull requests to our Github repository](https://github.com/emnify/emnify-sdk-java).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you find a bug in the library or would like to add new features, go ahead and [open issues or pull requests in our GitHub repository](https://github.com/emnify/emnify-sdk-java).
```
